Okay, what you will see today is marked a provost solution for much easier setup and handling
of various approval processes or sales and purchasing documents, so this will be a two stage
demo for a sparty configuration and the second part will be actually usage of smart
approval flows that we are about to set up, so everything starts with smart approval
page where we have a list of supported, of supported flows and let's use example for
sales order for example, so you'll see when you drill down from the list, we have
a cart page and where the all the setups are configured in the subform, use a swirl always
be allowed to manually enter the different criteria they want to have, but real usage
real benefit of this is using AI supported tool that we have that is helpful for suggesting
a new criteria, so users can describe what you want in natural language here, how they want
their approval process to work, who should approve amounts etc, and we also have some prompt guides
here to guide users, you know, for for betting prompting experience which will then give
better results when it's in criteria, so we can we have some examples for approval, we can also
generate warning and that's something that's invisible here on the on the subform, we have
different types of approals that can be set up, so it's not just approval as in somebody
approves sales order to be processed, but there is there also validation part where processing
of certain sales order can be stopped completely given the criteria or just issue of warning
for the user before he proceeds further, so let's then I have some examples that we can use,
so let's say the first one is amount based criteria, so we say like over $10,000 goes to
one for approval, this is the first simple scenario, this now triggers the call to AI that will
determine if this criteria is indeed a type approval, who should be the approval, what is the
approval type, we support having direct approval, specific and work of user group, where everybody
found that group is dedicated as an approval, and in this case AI correctly recognized that specific
approval should be specific approval criteria should be created for admin, and it also beautifies
the criteria itself, so you just save what was entered by user, it also makes more
more readable and the next time that when this criteria is actually being used, it's more
structured, it's also add some more, so I have a user actually called approval,
let's see if AI can recognize that from the user set-up tips we have, we have specific
approval that's called approval, and it's also type approval, then what is giving to the
user should always be examined by user before, it's actually then used on documents, so it's
up to the user to actually enable the criteria once it's generated, and
we can also add warning, the prompts work, so that they're a bit generic, so they should be updated
to reflect what your lag actually wants, so let's do something very high number,
so I just read the flag, so yeah you see in this case there is also response message
to be used as a warning test, please review, and we can also add an error
and you can see that from simple words like error, error for customer, 10,000
he's blocked, we have much better words response message here, so
1, 4, 2, 3, 4, 6, 3, 4, 11, 11, 11, 103,ому, 11, 12, 11, 12, dou, 17, 1, 11, 11, 11, 11, 11.
everything so that we recognize ourselves.
Experience we're.
We just want to see.
We want to see your reactions.
to a problem.
I covered it inside.
Yeah, so I did provide you.
Okay.
I need to add such some code, then assign code, of course, to enable.
So once the critiers are enabled,
we can also enable the whole smart app Pro for this document type.
If there is no criteria enabled, then there will be an error, not allowing that.
So now we can switch to the actual usage and let's just create sales order.
Let's see if Arc criteria for customer 10,000 is working because we have set up an error criteria
for that. Just quickly, they plan to online.
And now we have under request approval group, we have smart approval actions.
So I can just click send smart approval request and let's see what happens.
Well, so this is the criteria for error type being triggered.
We have the description is extra error message from the criteria saying that customers block
please review and update the customer's selection.
So that's how validation side works and now let's select a different customer.
So they're everything.
And let's get some amounts that is
I
So the total amount is 90,000, the fake leak send smart approval.
Okay, approved, is sent status exchange depending approval.
And now we can check approval entries generated.
You can see that for approval, there is an open approval entry because he's that designated
there's a approval for amounts over 50,000. And since admin was over tier,
had them over tier amount threshold, his status is already approved. So he doesn't have to
to even look at this his entry or do anything. It went straight to the approval,
which was on higher amount threshold.
Approver can now see his pro entry normal queue for request to approve.
And after he approves document goes to release status and then can be posted.
That completes the flow basically.
But we saw here an example that the only
upper tier is triggered where so that lower amounts are not to be looked at and those users are
basically just skipped because that approval is triggered.
And yeah, and we also saw an example for validation.
For example, in this example customer was blocked.
So if anybody has the gestion, what we can also demonstrate.
Yeah, great demo. So I think what we've seen so far is a challenge with common standard workflow.
As let's say we have either a purchasing document or a sales document.
The definitely requires a complex, complex chain of approval.
Whether it should be a approved by multiple personas.
A specialist, if the document, let's say we're drilling a purchasing
or if we're doing a sales, just like it demonstrated, that spans across multiple departments
or most multiple customer groups, we're each individual manager should look at the document
and approve based on their own threshold. So let's say we have a document with multiple lines.
But we are selling, we're selling equipment that's targeting different dimensions.
Let's say we look at the marginal for the department or we look at the margin for a customer group.
Is it possible to have the smart approval? No, which individual manager should approve
the document based on line level criteria, but also on the measurement criteria?
So for example, the second line has a different department code.
Compared to the first line.
Oh, yeah, of course.
All right. Thank you for coming back to just create a new order.
So we don't have a mix of approval entries.
Oh.
Nope.
And let's add one of the fails, the other is production, but you'll also
see it too.
I think the criteria for this as well.
So let's...
Something like this, and let's just type in the same time.
Is this something you've had in mind?
Yeah, absolutely.
But to take an even further, is it possible to also the amount threshold, like the says department.
The program is admin, and if the amount is above 1000 or something.
Yeah.
So you have this something that I didn't mention at the beginning.
It is possible to have multiple criteria generated with single prompt.
Like you can see here, we have to tune your rows now.
And we can keep it, and it'll be saved.
Let's delete the criteria.
And since you don't want same users, let's disable the ones from the first try.
And we have two lines.
And let's just send for poll, see what happens.
A poll, the crest has a bit sense, and if you go to a poll, there is one.
It's recreated for admin, one for a prover.
So they should be not both have been triggered.
And let's see based on which criteria.
So we have both the triggered here, as you can see.
So it triggered the one for sales department, and it triggered the one for production department.
And you can see a prover's admin and the prover are being calculated as a prover's based on this to criteria.
So that is part, yes.
The approval itself from this point on is on the document level.
So it's not like a line will be first line will be approved and the second line is approved.
It's document as a whole, but as far as calculating the pros, it does work, it can work based on the dimensions.
Anything else comes to mind?
Oh, yeah. And you were also, you were also, as admin, when you were also set as the approval for the department.
So that's why you auto-approved your portion of the document, if you will.
Well, yeah, I still requires the other user to look in.
Yeah, I am actually logged in as I've been saw. Yeah, that's why it's calculated myself as an approval.
So in that case, if I'm requesting that obviously, I would approve.
So.
But it requires the manager from already department.
Yes.
Yeah, exactly in this case, approval, I use a called approval.
We'll have to approve the document.
And what we use for calculating users as a source, this user set of table.
So I have some generic users here.
The one we used is approval.
And then we have contributor, director, etc.
And yeah, I just remembered something.
Now that I opened user set up.
This is also the images that would be used for notifying.
And the users that they need to look up and approve the document, review and approve the document.
So I did receive some notifications on my email.
And you can see that it says sales order number requires your approval.
And with the amounts and details who created.
So that's the URL format of email that you can receive and act on it.
So yeah, the notification parts also is covered with smart approval.
All right, that's great.
Yeah, also received all the previous ones from from the testing as you can see when I cancel the previous one.
And and when I received so yeah, they all came together because that's just how notification and dispatcher works.
They're multiple notification entries.
And they'll be sent together if they're generated in span of few minutes.
So that's why they're all on group like this, it's the same recipient.
So that's how users will see this.
And let's just see what will happen with some very, very high amount because we do have one warning or I think I said over.
So it's just, it can be a million whatever.
Maybe yeah, exactly with with these numbers, you can just add one zero more by mistake and.
Maybe you do want to red flag raised like when sending such document for approval.
To say that the sales order exceeds the amount and there is a warning for that.
He didn't continue in the background the process in this case since yeah, I am admin and I was calculated this only approval based on the.
Based on the department and then the document was complete loud to prove it and that released but user is prompted with the warning message saying, hey, your amount is quite high, maybe maybe you don't want this to.
Proceed so from this point, yeah, you can if it wasn't out to prove then obviously, it can just be the pool process can be canceled or if it goes further, it can be always reopened, but yeah, the point part is to notify the user that he may.
I've entered something wrong and then he can take action afterwards to reopen or stop the process delete the order, whatever he wants to do it.
Great, well, thanks for the great time of yours, if there are no questions, so just stop.
I think we see now, so it's a great product.
